# Effects of auditory cortical inactivation on vowel discrimination in noise

Experiments in which ferrets were tested with vowels presented from both left and right speakers, with or without noise.

## Data

1. **Original:** These are the text files generated by the data acquisition system, without any tidying up. They're ugly and inconvenient to work with, so we combined the files into something more user friendly....

2. **Summary:** These csv files contain information from all trials in the original data. They're the best starting place if you have your own analyses that you want to try, but they also contain columns that are specific to the animal / method used and therefore not that user friendly for the final statistical analysis. This data also contains all trials without filtering, whereas our final analysis removes things like correction trials or sound attenuations with small trial numbers.

3. **Analysis:** This is the specific data used in the paper, which can be used to replicate that work. However these tables only contain a subset of the data and so if you want to try your own models, you may be better off with the summary data. Details of the data processing used to generate analysis data sets can be found in [summary_to_analysis_data.py](Results/Vowels_Cooling/data/summary_to_analysis_data.py).

Note that we excluded results obtained below 50 dB SPL; sounds that were only tested with F1509 and that the animal performed poorly on without cooling. In order to get th full range of behavior for this animal, remove the filter from summary_to_analysis.py and rerun the stats in R.

4. **Bootstrap:** Contains performance after bootstrap resampling for each animal, with files for data aggregated over SNRs, or performance by SNR. Also included is a sample dataset for each animal showing the individual trials sampled during the bootstrapping procedure, which can be used to check the validity of the process. Files are generated by [bootstrap_analysis.py](Results/Vowels_Cooling/bootstrap_analysis.py).

5. **Bootstrap MIN:** An alternative version of the bootstrap in which resampling used the minimum number of trials in the dataset (e.g. if SNR1 had 10 trials, and SNR2 had 99 trials, resampling would be limited to the lower number, i.e. 10)

## Statistics

**At the individual subject level**
* Bootstrap
* Permutation

**At the group level**
* General linear mixed models (in R*)
        
        
*Note that there are two versions of the same script, one for piping output to text and the other used for R-studio (as R within VS code doesn't always work easily)


## Images
Results for inclusion in publications

## Scripts 
This can probably deleted in a future revision as the code there is for generating old plots




