# Localization Data

## Temperature Records

For F1311, data was saved using the Omega wireless thermometer used for vowel discrimination experiments. Note that dates in these original records follow American convention (i.e. Month-day-year). Ridiculously high values (e.g. 5537) are the systems code for the thermocouple being disconnected (i.e. when experimental sessions first begin and the ferret is being connected). See Matlab_Utils for scripts to export to csv files.

By the time we got to testing localization in F1509, the wireless temperature monitorring system had failed and we didn't have the time or money to get a new one. Instead we just took manual readings at regular intervals and noted the current trial in the paper log books. These have been digitized and are included for verification of the source data.


## Original
These are the data files generated by the data acquisition system, with some notes in the file names to identify when cooling was successful (particularly F1509).

Note that in some cases, the data acquisition system was started a long time before the animal began the task (particularly with bilateral cooling) and so some start time values will be exceptionally high, simply due to the added work that went into cooling.

Original data and temperature records are brought together in the following scripts:
* [F1311](add_temperatures_to_F1311_behavior.py)
* [F1509](add_temperatures_to_F1509_behavior.py)

(Written separately due to the different formats of temperature data)


## Summary Data
This data should have everything, to avoid applying filters that might not be universally needed. (For example, we would normally remove correction trials, but someone interested in performance as a function of time might want them kept in to avoid missing timepoints). Note that for F1311, this summary data still includes the visual trials from Wood et al. 2017.

Filtering data to generate the analysis datasets is performed in [summary_to_analysis.py](summary_to_analysis.py)


## Analysis
This is the data in which we apply the filters required for the analysis reported in the paper (e.g. no correction trials, no visual trials). For more details on how this data is used, see the [main documentation for sound localization results](https://github.com/stephentown42/Vowel_Discrimination_In_Noise/blob/master/Results/Localization/ReadMe.md)
